once and for all I will tell the
truth of the stand against them
soldiers at the end we were
pressing and pressing and pressing
and pressing until it reaches this
The famous famous psycho clown yards
what happens on that step we go to the stand
5 have the ball, we take it out
but we throw it away we take
we in the crown take two steps
in two or three steps and it slows down
in the moment that it slows down I still
I see the line of ingoal between
legs in the legs of the third
line the moment it slows down
sometimes everything happens in fractions of
seconds and then if I do not get up now
is not there is not now they are going to charge the
scan back we go back and I saw
the line had as I'm was supported
I'm supported in exchange the girl and where
is the edge of the carpet in the
moment that he took out his arms to
lift the ball the step moves
back and lose loses the balance
says Carlos and he has also started this
but
are things like that were given like this
they gave things as well as six months
before the ball they stick to him
he got up and came in with three French
hung up and the next year good from the
same move with javier that day was not
It was not planned, there were not
I plan brings me to do
I say good but because you did not stay
in the in the scrum
well those are the decisions you have
what to take
in those fractions of a second
in which to have as eighth of the
pumas you have to take decide to take it if
I make that same move something ten times
is maybe I do something 93 annulled in
all whistles last moments of the
match
crisis of retiring enthusiasm
in this extreme will be force a whole
country gentlemen
and there it is and it can be and it can be
Sirs
not with data charged aure and these
Gentlemen the term brilliant coronation
of the Argentine team of pumas that
once again this sample of the level of
ranking of the level of the ranking
Argentinian
great the game 21 21 I saw the
line and so it was a question of whether
that the final story of the scroll of 5 already
the people all blacks
once and for all